= Bart

Seeing the "big picture, but being able to drill into details" (Aaron)

So: outline view, collapsible descriptions, these being editable, maybe you can
even write the outline to a yaml file, futz with it, and then it gets read back?

What might have made writing the last book easier?

File-based "database"; kind of like duck-typing filenames and comments
conventions. All the info you might want is recorded in either the
files themselves or in their filenames. The one exception will be charting
project process, for which I think we'll probably end up needing some kind of
_simple_ `.bart.json` file to store things like word counts over time, etc.
There is a world in which I'd start with this as a feature, but I would prefer
to keep everything "in the files" as much as possible so that it's editable and
easy; otherwise it would make just as much sense to keep the text content inside
the database as well to avoid filename change issues, etc. (These will still be
present if we got with json or other for wordcounts, etc., but I _think_ we just
then include some kind of `bart rename <old-name> <new-name>` command, which
we'll need anyway for the outline view editing).

There will be a global config with some settable defaults (e.g., filetype, build
executable, custom delimiters for filetypes other than the ones I'm planning to
explicitly support).

Command ideas:

`bart begin <project-name>`:: creates a directory and a "00-project-name.adoc"
(or other default extension) file; default is "00", but configurable to "000"
if, say, you want to have "sub-chapters" or the like.

`bart add level`:: adds another "0" column to the numbering scheme, bumps
existing files up, e.g., "21" becomes "210"

`bart split headings <filename>`:: splits a file at any heading based on
filetype or config value, e.g., when you start a document and realize it would
be good to split out

`bart split breaks <filename>`:: splits a file at breaks, e.g., `'''` in
asciidoc, or `#` in txt, or... whatever it is in markdown. I think `---` IIRC.

`bart join <file> <other file>`:: joins two files

`bart build <file>`:: builds a file, probably pulling any default metadata from
the double-zero file if applicable (e.g., `:css-signature:`)

`bart build .` or `bart build project`:: builds the project into HTML,
optionally (configurable?) shoving something like `pagedjs` in there also for
printing.

Then later:

`bart outline`:: opens a TUI with outline, collapsible descriptions

`bart corkboard`:: opens a "corkboard" view with each document as a "card" and
description, editable, etc. Probably there will be a way to open files from
here, too, either in a new tmux window or pane (configurable) if tmux is active,
_or_ maybe a new view in the TUI itself with the bare editor. Or maybe not; not
sure that's as useful? TBD.
